README.md, before:

# MoneyBot

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/elsehow/moneybot.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/elsehow/moneybot)

MoneyBot allows you to backtest trading strategies, and deploy these strategies to live-trade, without changing code.

For now, MoneyBot only supports Poloniex. However, a generic `MarketAdapter` pattern could allow trading over many exchanges. PRs welcome!

# install

First, install Python dependencies.

```
$ python3 -m venv venv
$ source venv/bin/activate
$ pip3 install -r requirements.txt
```

Install [InfluxDB](https://influxdata.com) for your platform. On macOS, this is as easy as `$ brew install influxdb` (assuming you have Homebrew installed). We're working on making it possible to run this in a Docker container as well, but there is [a blocker](https://github.com/influxdata/influxdb/issues/8551) currently.

To do backtesting, you'll need to populate InfluxDB with historical data. Check [the releases page](https://github.com/elsehow/moneybot/releases/tag/database) for the latest version of the seed database. This database will be updated automatically during live-trading, so you should only need to do this upon initial setup. The restore process is a [little complicated](https://docs.influxdata.com/influxdb/v1.2/administration/backup_and_restore/#restore) so we have a script that does the heavy lifting. It is configured with environment variables, so adjust the example below to suit your setup:

```
$ DB_RELEASE=7-5-2017 DB_NAME=historical-poloniex INFLUX_DIR=/usr/local/var/influxdb ./local-services/influxdb/restore.sh
```

# test

First, install [`tox`](https://tox.readthedocs.io/en/latest/):

```
$ pip3 install tox
```

To run the tests:

```
$ tox
```

This runs `mypy` over the `moneybot/` and `tests/` directories, then invokes [`pytest`](https://docs.pytest.org/en/latest/contents.html) on the `tests/` directory.

To recreate the testing environment (necessary when dependency versions change), add `-r` or `--recreate`. To run `pytest` with more detailed output, add `-e verbose`.

# use

Make sure InfluxDB is running.

There are a few `Strategy` implementations in `moneybot.examples.strategies`.

>The strategies included herein are viable for live-trading use, but crypto trading is serious business. It's entirely possible to lose a lot of money, very quickly. The authors of this library provide these for the sake of illustration and assume no responsibility for their performance if deployed.

## backtesting

```
$ python3 examples/backtest.py -c config.yml -s buffed-coin
```

## live trading

**NOTE**: See disclaimer!

To live-trade, you will need Poloniex API keys. You can generate those via the [Poloniex web interface](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OScIbgXZoW0). You'll only need to allow "trading" permissions on the keys. See the `config-example.yaml` file, add your Poloniex credentials and save it as `config.yml`.

```
$ python3 examples/live_trading.py -c config.yml -s buffed-coin
```

# disclaimer

Use MoneyBot AT YOUR OWN RISK. Specifically,

- Backtests are no guarantee of future/live performance.
- MoneyBot relies on 3rd-party APIs, like Poloniex, which may fail at anytime.
- MoneyBot is experimental software, and also may fail at any time.
- Running a bot, and trading in general, requires careful study of the risks, and parameters. Wrong settings can cause a major loss.
- Never leave MoneyBot un-monitored for long periods of time. Be prepared to stop it if too much loss occurs.

*You alone* are responsible for anything that happens when you're live-trading!

# license

BSD

Commit message:

Move from Influx to Postgres (closes #31) (#34)
Postgres installation is performed (by default) via Docker, though we also provide a `restore.sh` script that should work with a native Postgres installation.

It's worth noting that this change significantly speeds up backtests.

README.md, after:

# MoneyBot

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/elsehow/moneybot.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/elsehow/moneybot)

MoneyBot allows you to backtest trading strategies, and deploy these strategies to live-trade, without changing code.

For now, MoneyBot only supports Poloniex. However, a generic `MarketAdapter` pattern could allow trading over many exchanges. PRs welcome!

# install

First, install Python dependencies.

```
python3 -m venv venv
source venv/bin/activate
pip3 install -r requirements.txt
```

Next, set up the Postgres database and restore the historical data. We provide scripts to automate this process with Docker (note, however, that you'll need to install postgres on your system for the restore - `brew install postgresql` with homebrew):

```
cd local-services/postgres
make image
make server
./restore.sh
```

(By default, the password is `secretpass` - you can change that in `local-services/postgres/Makefile`.)

# use

First, make sure Postgres is running (`cd local-services/postgres; make server`).

There are a few `Strategy` implementations in `moneybot.examples.strategies`.

>The strategies included herein are viable for live-trading use, but crypto trading is serious business. It's entirely possible to lose a lot of money, very quickly. The authors of this library provide these for the sake of illustration and assume no responsibility for their performance if deployed.

## backtesting

```
python3 examples/backtest.py -c config.yml -s buffed-coin
```

## live trading

**NOTE**: See disclaimer!

To live-trade, you will need Poloniex API keys. You can generate those via the [Poloniex web interface](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OScIbgXZoW0). You'll only need to allow "trading" permissions on the keys. See the `config-example.yaml` file, add your Poloniex credentials and save it as `config.yml`.

```
python3 examples/live_trading.py -c config.yml -s buffed-coin
```

# disclaimer

Use MoneyBot AT YOUR OWN RISK. Specifically,

- Backtests are no guarantee of future/live performance.
- MoneyBot relies on 3rd-party APIs, like Poloniex, which may fail at anytime.
- MoneyBot is experimental software, and also may fail at any time.
- Running a bot, and trading in general, requires careful study of the risks, and parameters. Wrong settings can cause a major loss.
- Never leave MoneyBot un-monitored for long periods of time. Be prepared to stop it if too much loss occurs.

*You alone* are responsible for anything that happens when you're live-trading!

# license

BSD
